Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- ( fanfare )
- ( horses neighing )
- CHEERS, BABY.
- CHEERS.
SO ARE WE GONNA
TALK ABOUT THAT?
- WHAT?
- THAT HANDCUFF
ON YOUR WRIST.
JESUS, GIVE ME A BREAK.
IT'S A BRACELET,
THAT'S ALL.
IT'S CALLED
THE LOVE BRACELET
THOUGH, RIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT IT'S CALLED.
THAT'S WHAT IT'S CALLED--
A CARTIER LOVE BRACELET.
DOES THIS MEAN
THAT VINCE AND AMANDA
ARE IN LOVE?
, IT MEANS
E KNOWS WAY TOO MUCH
ABOUT JEWELRY.
IS THAT WHAT
IT'S CALLED, VINCE?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT IT'S CALLED, TURTLE.
ALL I KNOW IS
YOU'RE ANNOYING ME.
AMANDA GOT ME A GIFT,
A VERY NICE GIFT,
AND I HAPPEN TO LIKE IT,
ALL RIGHT?
SO STAY OFF MY ASS.
YOU GUYS
ARE NOT GONNA BELIEVE
THE LUCK OF THE IRISH.
- WE'VE GOT A RE THING
RUNNING IN THE FIFTH.
- REALLY?
- ARE YOU SERIOUS?
- HOW DO YOU KNOW, DRAMA?
BECAUSE I KNOW
THE PONY'S GRANDDAD.
AND IN HORSERACING,
AS IN LIFE,
A GOOD LINEAGE
IS THE SUREST WAY
TO PREDICT
A FINE PERFORMANCE.
WELL, HOW COME YOU'RE
FROM VINCE'S LINEAGE
AND ALL YOUR
PERFORMANCES SUCK?
Vince: ALL RIGHT, JOHNNY,
WHO'S THE GRANDDADDY?
KINGMAKER.
REMEMBER THAT NAME?
KINGMAKER?
- NO.
- WHO'S THAT?
COME ON, KING MAKER--
HE CAME HOME FOR ME
AT 10 TO ONE AT BELMONT.
THAT'S HOW
I BOUGHT THE LINCOLN.
ANY OF THIS RINGING A BELL?
- NOT REALLY.
- NO.
I THOUGHT YOU BOUGHT
YOUR LINCOLN FROM SELLING
WEED AT THE HIGH SCHOOL.
- THAT RINGS A BELL.
- WHATEVER.
- YOU GUYS WANNA WIN
SOME DOUGH WITH ME OR NOT?
- YES.
- OBVIOUSLY.
- DEFINITELY.
BUT IT'S NOT TILL
THE FIFTH RACE, SO CAN WE
DO ANOTHER SHOT?
YOU GUYS ARE DOING SHOTS
AT 10:30 IN THE MORNING?
RELAX, KID.
IT'S A HOLIDAY.
- WHAT HOLIDAY IS IT?
- YOM KIPPUR, RETARD.
OH YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I FORGOT.
NO WONDER THERE WAS
NO TRAFFIC.
HEY, CHIEF, CAN WE GET
COUPLE SHOTS OF CUERVO
OVER HERE, PLEASE?
YEAH.
COMI UP.
- Sarah: I HATE THIS.
I'M STARVING.
- NOW YOU KNOW
WHAT MOMMY GOES THROUGH
EVERY DAY TO MAKE
A HOT BODY FOR DADDY.
- ARI!
- DADDY'S JUST
KIDDING, SWEETIE.
SARAH, WE FAST AND
MAKE OTHER IMPORTANT
SACRIFICES TODAY
TO SHOW GOD WE'RE SORRY
FOR OUR SINS.
- DADDY ATE A BREATH MINT.
- WHAT?
NOW YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO ATONE FOR
RATTING DADDY OUT, BABY.
WHAT,  YOU THINK
GOD WANTS MY BREATH TO SMELL?
- Man: ARI.
- THERE HE IS, LITTLE
NICKY RUBENSTEIN.
- SHEILA, HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
- HOW ARE YOU DOING?
- HAPPY NEW YEAR.
- WHERE'S THE OLD MAN?
HE'S ON A PLANE
TO COLOMBIA.
ON THE HIGHEST OF HOLIDAYS,
WOULD YOU BELIEVE?
MA, STOP.
WE'VE GOT ENOUGH
STRESS TODAY.
YOUR FATHER'S GOT
$100 MILLION IN THE BANK.
HOW MUCH STRESS CAN YOU HAVE?
WELL, "MEDALLION"'S
FALLING APART.
IT'S "MEDELLIN," MOM.
WHY THE FUCK CAN'T
ANYONE PRONOUNCE IT?
- DO NOT CURSE
IN THE TEMPLE.
- EXCUSE ME.
BENICIO WALKED
AND MY FATHER'S TRYING
TO PREVENT THE WHOLE CREW
- FROM DOING THE SAME.
- HE'S BEEN SAYING BENICIO'S
GONNA WALK FOR WEEKS.
NO, IT'S OFFICIAL.
CHECK OUT "US WEEKLY."
THERE'S A PICTURE OF HIM
ON A CATAMARAN
WITH SOME BLONDE BOMBSHELL
IN ANGUILLA.
- IT WAS ANTIGUA.
- ANTIGUA, ANGUILLA--
WHO THE FUCK CARES?
- ( all exclaim )
- ALL RIGHT, EXCUSE ME,
EXCUSE ME.
THE POINT IS,
HAGGIS IS FREAKED, OKAY?
AND GATOFF IS GIVING US
TILL SUNDOWN TONIGHT
TO FIND A REPLACEMENT
OR HE'S GONNA SHUT
THE WHOLE THING DOWN.
I HEAR CRUISE IS GOING
FOR 10¢ ON THE DOLLAR.
NO NO NO NO.
I WANT YOUR BOY, ARI.
I WANT VINCE.
HE'S NOT MY BOY ANYMORE.
- THEN PUT ME ON THE PHONE
WITH HIM,
'CAUSE THIS GIRL'S
AGENCY IS CLOSED
FOR THE FUCKING HOLIDAY.
ARI DOESN'T HAVE A PHONE, NICK.
IT'S YOM KIPPUR.
NICK DOESN'T EITHER
BECAUSE I FRISKED HIM
BEFORE WE WALKED OUT.
LOOK, SINCE YOU WON'T
COMMISSION VINCE ON THIS,
COMMISSION US, OKAY?
THE BACK END
COULD BE HUGE.
JESUS CHRIST,
IT IS YOM KIPP.
AND LOOK WHO JUST
SAID "JESUS CHRIST."
YOUR FATHER AGREED TO THIS?
I KNOW THAT YOU KNOW
I SPEAK FOR THE FAMILY.
- NOW COME ON, HELP A FELLOW
MEMBER OF THE TRIBE.
- ARI.
MY HANDS ARE TIED, NICK.
I CAN'T DO IT.
- NOT TODAY.
NO BUSINESS.
- THANK YOU.
( mouths )
50 TO ONE--
THAT'S YOUR SURE THING?
THE BIGGER THE ODDS,
THE BIGGER THE PAYDAY.
I'M IN FOR A G.
A G?  ARE YOU
OUT OF YOUR FUCKING MIND?
- TRUST ME.
- I'M PUTTING IN
FIVE BUCKS, THAT'S IT.
- YEAH, I'M GOOD FOR 10.
- PUSSIES.
ARE YOU REALLY
FEELING THIS, JOHNNY?
YEAH, THEY'RE
UNDERESTIMATING HIM, BRO,
JUST LIKE THEY DID HIS GRANDDAD.
AND YOU REMEMBER
WHAT HE GOT US?
THE LINCOLN, BABY.
REMEMBER ALL THE GOOD TIMES
WE HAD IN THAT CAR?
FIRST KNICK GAME
WE EVER WENT TO
WAS IN THAT CAR.
- FIRST GIANTS GAME TOO.
- FIRST TRIP TO A.C. ALSO.
WE NEVER TOOK
THE LINCOLN TO A.C.
YOU MIGHT HAVE BEEN
OUT OF TOWN, JOHNNY.
JESUS CHRIST,
WHO DROVE?
( laughs )
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE?
COME ON, WE'RE IN.
WELL, IT'S ONLY MONEY.
I'M GOOD FOR FIVE Gs.
- FIVE Gs? ( whistles )
- WE'RE ALL GONNA GET
RICH TODAY, BABY.
BUT LET ME GO FIRST.
I DON'T WANT YOU GUYS
FUCKING UP MY ODDS.
- ( phone rings )
- LOOK AT THIS.
WHAT IS THIS,
A DRUNK DIAL, ARI?
SORRY, E,
THE MANISCHEWITZ IS NOT
FLOWING TILL SUNDOWN.
- What do you want?
- I HAVE AN OFFER.
ARE YOU INTERESTED?
YEAH.
CALL OUR AGENT.
IRONIC THAT ON MY
PEOPLE'S HOLIDAY
I'M WORKING
AND SHE'S NOT.
SUCH IS LIFE.
- SO CALL HER TOMORROW.
- BENICIO JUST QUIT
"MEDELLIN" OFFICIALLY.
They want Vince but th.
- SAYS WHO?
- PHIL RUBENSTEIN.
I'M STANDING RIGHT NEXT
TO HIS SON/CO-PRODUCER
RIGHT NOW.
- NICK, SAY HELLO.
- HELLO, E.
- HEY, NICK.
- WE WANT VINCE.
THIS IS NO BULLSHIT.
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
- ARI'S WITH PHIL RUBENSTEIN'S
SON NICK RIGHT NOW.
THEY WANT YOU TO DO
"MEDELLIN."
THIS IS THE THIRD TIME
ARI HAS PROMISED YOU
THIS MOVIE, E.
- YEAH, BUT THIS TIME IT'S REAL.
- BY THE WAY, THIS IS ALSO
THE THIRD TIME
YOU PROMISED ME
THAT YOU GUYS WOULD
STOP TALKING TO HIM.
WE'RE NOT TALKING TO HIM.
WE'RE TALKING TO
NICK RUBENSTEIN.
ARI REPRESENTS HIM.
IT'S NOT FAULT.
NO, I GUESS NOT.
BUT I GUESS IT'S MY PROBLEM.
SO WHAT, I'M SUPPOSED TO
JUST SHOW UP AT A TE
ON THE MOST
RELIGIOUS DAY OF THE YEAR
TO DISCUSS BUSINS?
YOU'RE NOT JUST SHOWING UP.
THEY'RE EXPECTING YOU.
THEY'RE GONNA MEET YOU
IN THE ALLEY
BEHIND THE SOUTHERN ENTRANCE
NEXT TO THE DUMPSTERS.
WHAT, SHOULD I
BRING A GUN TOO?
COME ON, ERIC, THIS IS ABSURD.
- WHAT'S SHE SAYING?
- SHE DOESN'T WANT
TO GO TO TEMPLE.
- LET ME TALK TO HER.
- SHE'LL GO TEMPLE
FOR VINCE.
Drama:
SHE'D GO TO THE GAZA STRIP
IN A YARMULKE FOR VINCE.
YOU REALIZE THAT THIS
HAS TO BE LOCKED DOWN
BY SUNSET, RIGHT?
YES, ERIC, I HEARD YOU,
AND I WILL MEET THEM
ANYWHERE ELSE.
- AMANDA.
- PUT VINCE ON.
- CAN I TALK TO HER?
- WHY DID YOU WANT ME
TO CALL HER?
I DIDN'T WANT YOU TO FEEL
LEFT OUT OF THE PROCESS.
COME ON.
THIS IS NOT
A GOOD SITUATION, VINCE.
- HELLO.
- HEY, VINCE.
OKAY, IT'S YOM KIPPUR.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
( laughs )
I KNOW, I KNOW.
I KNOW.
LOOKS LI YOU'RE
THE THIRD WHEEL NOW,
HUH, E?
A TINY LITTLE
SPARE WHEEL.
OH, THERE HE IS.
WE LOVE YOU, KING!
- Turtle AW, HE LOOKS
OUT OF SHAPE.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
LOOK AT THOSE GLUTES.
FUCKING BEAUTIFUL.
DO YOU WANNA
WIN MONEY ON HIM
OR FUCK M, DRAMA?
DON'T TALK UNCIVILIZED
AT THE TRACK, E.
WHAT'D SHE SAY?
IT'S ALL GOOD.
SHE'S HEADING
TO TEMPLE NOW.
THAT WAS A SURE THING.
THIS WILL BE
THE EASIEST PAYCHECK
YOU EVER MADE,
EXCEPT FOR THAT STINT
AT SPEARMINT RHINO.
STOP WASTING TIME, ARI.
YOU'VE GOT A LOT OF BEGGING
FOR GOD'S FORGIVENESS
- TO GO BACK TO.
- Nick: OKAY, LOOK,
AMANDA, I SPOKE TO
THE BIG STUDIO CHIEF
THIS MORNING, OKAY?
AND HE'S PREPARED TO MEET
VINCE'S QUOTE.
GREAT.  THEN THIS
SHOULD BE EASY.
FANTASTIC.
SO WE'VE GOT A DEAL
AT THREE MIL.
UM, NO, BECAUSE VINCE'S
QUOTE IS SIX MIL.
- S-SIX?
- WHAT'S THE MATTER, ARI,
SHORT-TERM MEMORY LOSS?
- ARI, IS IT SIX?
- YEAH, CK, IT'S SIX.
I SHOULD KNOW,
I GOT IT THERE.
OKAY, ARE WE DOING A DEAL
OR TALKING ABOUT
GLORY DAYS?
I COULD SWEAR
MY FATHER SAID
IT WAS THREE.
WHATEVER.
DEAL.  IT'S A DEAL.
WE'LL DO IT AT SIX.
GREAT.
HAVE ARTHUR SIGN OFF,
CALL ME, AND WE'RE CLOSED.
DONE.  WE GET VINCE
ON THE PLANE TONIGHT, DOT THE
"I's" IN THE MORNING, YES?
UH, NO.
ARTHUR CALLS FIRST.
- UH, AMANDA...
- ( men laugh )
...AMANDA, ARTHUR GATOFF
IS A VERY RELIGIOUS MAN.
IT'S YOM KIPPUR.
THE MAN DOESN'T EVEN
LET HIS KID GO TO LES DEUX
FRIDAY NIGHT.
I GIVE YOU
THE RUBENSTEIN FAMILY WORD
WE HAVE A DEAL AT SIX.
THE RUBENSTEIN
FAMILY WORD?
THAT IS REALLY
REASSURING, NICK.
WOW.  OKAY, AMANDA,
WE'VE CHANGED, ALL RIGHT?
NEITHER ONE
OF US HAS HAD A SIP
IN OVER A YEAR.
HERE'S MY NUMBER.
THE PHONE WILL BE ON
ALL DAY.
( engine turns over )
Sarah:
MOM TOLD ME TO FIND YOU.
YODID.
I'M IN THE BATHROOM.
I'M NOT FEELING WELL.
I'M ON MY HANDS AND KNEE
I'M VERY SICK RIGHT NOW,
HONEY.
YOU WANT ME TO LIE?!
THAT IS THE BEAUTY
OF YOM KIPPUR--
AS LONG AS YOU
APOLOGIZE BY SUNDOWN,
DOESN'T MATTER WHAT YOU DO.
NOW GO.
I'LL BE BACK SOON.
WHAT THE FUCK
ARE WE GONNA DO?
LET'S GO
GET GATOFF.
HE'S AT WILSHIRE ORTHODOX.
IT'S TWO MILES AWAY.
YOU GOT A CAR?
- NO.  YOU?
- NO.  CALL A CAB?
- GOT ANY MONEY?
- NO, MOM TOOK IT.  YOU?
THE WIFE TOOK EVERYTHING
BUT MY FILLINGS.
SO WHAT NOW?
NOW, LIKE OUR
DESERT-DWELLING ANCESTORS
WE WALK.
AW...
( mutters )
( crowd cheering )
COME ON!
YOU'RE THE KING!
GO, BABY, GO!
EASY, DRAMA.
HE'S IN LAST.
SHUT UP, TURTLE.
HE'S PACING
HIMSELF.
HE LOOKS LIKE
HE'S ON A LEISURE WALK.
- Vince: OKAY
- ( announcer speaking
over P.A. )
SURE YOU CAN TAKE ME
TO THE AIRPORT.
( laughs )
YEAH, SOUNDS LIKE
A GREAT SENDOFF.
OKAY, BYE.
IT'S ALL GOOD.
SHE SAID THE MONEY'S
NO BIGGIE.
THEY'RE JUST WAITING
FOR THE STUDIO HEAD
TO SIGN OFF.
- WHAT?
- NOTHING.
YOUR GIGGLING'S MAKING ME
A LITTLE NAUSEOUS.
GIGGLING?
THERE WAS NO GIGGLING.
I LAUGHED.
SOUNDED LIKE A GIGGLE
TO ME.
IF YOUR VOICE
GOES UP IN PITCH
PAST THE HIGH C,
IT'S A GIGGLE.
YOU HIT A D THERE, BRO.
- WHATEVER.
- WHATEVER IS RIGHT,
'CAUSE LOOK WHO'S
MAKING HIS MOVE.
GO, KING!
- HOLY SHIT!
- Announcer: ...King's Ransom
on the outside...
- Vince: COME ON, BABY!
- 50 TO ONE!  MAKE IT HOME!
Announcer: To the finish line,
it's King's Ransom
and Go For Broke.
Now Go For Broke
fighting back.
King's Ransom
trying to hold the lead,
but here comes Go For Broke
driving hard
on the outside
and into the lead.
And at the wire,
it's Go For Broke!
Go For Broke, in anoth.
( trails off )
- WHAT?
- OH, WELL.
90  THIS TIME OF YEAR?
I MEAN, CAN ANYONE
REALLY DEBATE
GLOBAL WARMING
AT THIS POINT?
SHOULD HAVE THOUGHT
ABOUT THAT WHEN YOU TOOK YOUR
DAD'S G4 TO JAMAICA LAST YEAR.
HEY, YOU TRY
FLYING COMMERCIAL
WITH 12 LBS OF KUSH.
BUT THOSE YS ARE
BEHIND ME, ARI.
THE POLAR ICECAPS
ARE GRATEFUL, NICK.
( cantor chanting in Hebrew )
( continues chanting )
GOOD YONTIF.
THIS IS WILDLY
INAPPROPRIATE,
COMING TO MY SHUL
ON THIS DAY
OF ALL DAYS
TO DISCUSS MONEY.
I HAVE A BAD ENOUGH
REPUTATION HERE
AFTER THE HELLISH DIVORCE
I'VE JUST GONE THROUGH.
AT LEAST
YOU'RE AT A PLACE
WHERE YOU CAN MEET
A NICE JEWISH GIRL,
ARTHUR.
COME ON,
WE WERE AT TEMPLE TOO.
THIS IS TIME-SENSITIVE.
GOD WILL UNDERSTAND.
WE ALL HAVE TO
TAKE CARE OF OUR OWN--
ARI, I HAVE TO
GO BACK INSIDE.
ARTHUR, LOOK, YOU SAID
YOU'D MEET VINCE'S QUOTE.
- YOU SAID
HIS QUOTE WAS THREE.
- I WAS WRONG.
YOU AND YOUR FATHER
HAVE BEEN WRONG
ABOUT A LOT OF THINGS
ON THIS ONE, NICK.
MAYBE ANIMATION
IS MORE YOUR BAG.
WOW.
YOU CUT THE RUBENSTEINS
LIKE THAT ON A HIGH HOLIDAY?
I'M SORRY.
FORGIVE ME.
ARTHUR, I FORGIVE YOU.
JUST MAKE A QUICK PHONE CALL.
IT'LL TAKE A SECOND.
NICK, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT GOES ON
AT THAT HALF-CHURCH
REFORM SYNAGOGUE OF YOURS,
BUT HERE
WE DON'T TALK BUSINESS
ON YOM KIPPUR.
NOW PLEASE,
BEFORE I GET ANGRY...
ALL RIGHT.
CALL AMANDA,
TELL HER SHE'S GONNA
THROW THIS MOVIE AWA
SHE DOESN'T
TRUST US, NICK.
WHICH ONE OF YOU TRIED
TO FUCK HER ANYWAY?
BOTH.  BUT IN MY
FATHER'S DEFENSE, HE WAS
LEGALLY SEPARATED AT THE TIME.
- WHAT'S YOUR EXCUSE?
- I DON'T HAVE ONE.
I STILL WANT TO FUCK HER.
- LET'S CALL E.
- WHY?
PUT THE FEAR OF GOD
INTO THE LITTLE IRISHMAN.
HE'S MORE OF
A NEUROTIC JEW
THAN YOU ARE.
Drama:
IT'S OKAY, BRO.
EVERYTHING'S
GONNA BE OKAY.
WINNING
AIN'T EVERYTHING.
WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE
IF YOU AT LEAST
PLACED, THOUGH.
WHAT?  I HAD
A HUNDY ON THAT.
DON'T MAKE HIM
FEEL WORSE, TURTLE.
SO IYOU CAN'T
RACE HIM ANYMORE,
THEN WHAT?
ARE YOU GONNA
PUT HIM OUT TO STUD?
NO, HE'S STERILE.
SO IT'S EITHER THE DUDE RANCH
OR THE GLUE FACTORY.
THE GLUE FACTORY?
YOU'RE KIDDING.
UNFORTUNWELL, HOW ABOUTGAME
SOMETIMEI CUT YOUR LOSSES
CUT YOUR LOSFOR YOU?
HOW MUCH TO TAKE HIM
OFF YOUR HANDS?
- JOHNNY, HEY,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- ARE YOU CRAZY?
I OWE HIS GRANDDAD, BRO.
PLUS, I'M FLUSH WITH
NETWORK FUNDS ANYWAY.
HOW MUCH?
- ( phone rings - TWO G.
- TWO GRAND?
- YEAH, ARI.
- DO YOU WANT THIS MOVIE, E?
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I'M TALKING ABOUT MONEY.
YOUR GIRL IS ASKING
FOR TOO MUCH OF IT.
NO, VINCE SPOKE TO HER.
SHE SAID IT WAS ALL GOOD.
WERE JUST WAITING
- FOR THE STUDIO TO SIGN OFF.
- IT'S 3:30.  THEY'RE NOT
GONNA SIGN OFF.
THEY'VE GONE AS HIGH
AS THEY CAN GO.
So unless she starts
slashing prices
LIKE CRAZY EDDIE,
IT'S BYE-BYE, BOGOTA.
- WELL, HOW FAR OFF
ARE THEY?
- 100%.
IT'S AN ARTHOUSE MOVIE.
SHE'S TRYING TO TURN IT
INTO M:i:III.
I THINK SHE'S TRYING
TO BLOW THE DEAL.
THE CLOCK IS TICKING.
GET BACK TO ME, E.
I GOTTA RUN.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT TO SAY.
I DO.  I'M SORRY.
I WILL FAST THE WHOLE WEEK
TO PROVE TO YOU
HOW SORRY I AM.
GET YOUR ASS
IN THAT TEMPLE AND SET A GOOD
EXAMPLE FOR YOUR CHILDREN.
GIVE ME THE PHONE.
AND THE BAD PHONE.
( harrumphs )
THANK YOU.
VINCE, I'M COMPLETELY
SHOCKED TO BE HEARING THIS,
BECAUSE WHEN I LEFT
THEY SAID THERE WAS
NO PROBLEM
AND NOBODY'S
CALLED ME BACK SINCE
TO TELL ME OTHERWISE.
WELL, WILL YOU
CALL THEM BACK, PLEASE,
FIND OUT WHAT
THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT,
LOCK THIS THING DOWN?
I WOULDN'T EVEN KNOW
WHERE TO REACH THEM.
I DON'T HAVE NICK'S NUMBER.
WELL, YOU DO
HAVE ARI'S.
YOU WANT ME
TO CALL ARI?
I KNOW YOU HATE
DEALING WITH HIM,
BUT DO IT FOR ME,
PLEASE.
- SURE.
- THANK YOU, AMANDA.
I APPRECTE IT.
BYE-BYE.
YEP.
WHAT, SHE DIDN'T WANT
TO CALL ARI?
Vince:
UNDERSTANDABLE, NO?
- WHAT?
- I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
DO YOU THINK
THERE'S MAYBE ANY TRUTH
TO WHAT ARI WAS SAYING?
THAT SHE'S TRYING
TO SCREW THIS UP?
WHY WOULD SHE DO THAT?
MAYBE SHDOESN'T LIKE IT
FOR YOU 'CAUSE SHE DIDN'T
FIND IT FOR YOU.
- COME ON.
- Turtle: OR MAYBE
SHE DOESN'T WANT YOU
TO GO AWAY FOR SIX MONTHS.
HANDCUFFS, VINCE.
AW, THE DOWNSIDE OF FUCKING
THE REPRESENTATIVES.
YOU AGREE WITH THESE GUYS
TOO, JOHNNY?
DON'T GET ME WRONG,
AMANDA'S A HOT-LOOKING BROAD,
BUT SHE AIN'T NEVER HAD
A PIECE LIKE YOU, BRO.
- HUH.
- YOU THINK VINCE IS
A PIECE, DRAMA?
- IT'S A FIGURE
OF SPEECH, JACKASS.
- WHATEVER.
WHATEVER WHATEVER.
- WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?
- MY PROBLEM IS THE DEAL
ISN'T DONE, VINCE,
AND YOU'RE TALKING TO HER
LIKE SHE'S YOUR GIRLFRIEND
AND NOT YOUR AGENT.
- SHE'S DEALING WITH IT.
- I HOPE SO.
WHERE ARE WE
GONNA KEEP THIS GUY,
DRAMA, SERIOUSLY?
RIGHT HERE,
TILL WE FIND HIM
A GOOD HOME.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
( liquid trickling )
NO PROBLEM.
ON THIS HOLIEST OF DAYS,
GOD ASKS US
TO LOOK WITHIN OURSELVES
AND ASK FORGIVENESS
FOR THE THINGS
WE HAVE DONE TO WRONG
EACH OTHER.
THOUGH A SOLEMN DAY,
WE CAN LOOK AT IT
WITH HOPE,
FOR IN THIS YEAR
WE WILL BE BETTER.
WE WILL ACT
OUT OF KINDNESS
AND SELFLESSNESS.
( phone ringing )
I THINK THAT'S
YOUR PHONE.
HAVE YOU EVER HEARD
OF "VIBRATE"?
( phone beeps )
WE WILL PRACTICE
THE CALL TO ACTION...
WHAT IF
THAT WAS AMANDA?
NICK, IT'LL HAVE
TO WAIT.
WHAT IF IT WAS VINCE?
WHAT IF IT WAS E?
NICK, IT WILL HAVE
TO WAIT.
LOOK, I CAN'T AFFORD
TO WAIT, OKAY?
I'M THE ONE WHO
FUCKED UP THE QUOTE.
MY FATHER SAYS
ANY MORE MISTAKES,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO
GET A REAL JOB.
ARI, I'M GONNA
END UP DRUNK AGAIN
SELLING INSURANCE.
I HAVE TO GO BACK
TO ARTHUR.
ARI, DON'T.
BABY, THE KID IS MELTING DOWN
LIKE PHIL MICKELSON
AT WINGED FOOT.
I CAN'T ABANDON
A BROTHER IN PERIL,
NOT ON THE HIGH HOLIDAYS.
ABANDON ME AGAIN, ARI,
AND YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO DO
A WHOLE LOT MORE
THAN PRAY.
- I WOULDN'T MOVE, DADDY.
- Rabbi: ...WE MUST
FACE THE WRONG
WE HAVE DONE TO OTHERS
THIS YEAR
AND THE WRONG
THAT HAS BEEN DONE
UNTO US.
$5000 TO BOARD A HORSE,
AND THAT DOESN'T
EVEN INCLUDE FOOD.
I AM SO PISSED RIGHT NOW.
YOU THINK YOU'RE PISSED?
WAIT TILL THE GARDENER SEES
HE HAS TO CLEAN UP
MORE THAN JUST ARNOLD'S SHIT
ON TUESDAY.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD
RETURN HIM, JOHNNY.
I CAN'T, BRO.
I LOVE HIM.
YO, THE KING JUST
LEFT THE BUILDING.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- I MEAN HE JUST WALKED
RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE.
- WHERE DID HE GO?
- HE DIDN'T SAY, DRAMA.
YOU CAN'T BABYSIT
FOR TWO SECONDS, CAN YOU?
HOW IS THIS MY FAULT?
KING!
Turtle:
I TOLD YOU.
WELL, GET IN THE CAR, TURTLE.
WE GOTTA FIND HIM.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
COME ON, YOU FAT BASTARD,
LET'S GO.
- Turtle: SHUT UP.
- ( phone rings )
- IT'S AMANDA.
HELLO.
- HEY.
SO I LEFT WORD FOR ARI
AND I'M JUST WAITING
FOR A CALLBACK.
SHE'S WAITING
WHAT?
WELL, SHE SHOULD
CALL ARI AGAIN.
LET ME TALK TO HER.
HOLD ON.
E WANTS TO TALK TO YOU.
- HELLO.
- WHAT'S UP, E?
UH, AMANDA,
YOU SHOULD CALL ARI.
WE HAVE A DEADLINE.
THE SUN'S STARTING TO SET.
ERIC, WHAT DO
YOU WANT ME TO DO?
I LEFT A MESSAGE AND I SAID YES.
WELL, WHAT IF HE
DOESN'T GET IT IN TIME?
ERIC, DO YOU
REALLY BELIEVE
THAT ARTHUR GATOFF
IS GONNA SCRAP AN
$80-MILLION MOVIE
BASED ON SOME
RIDICULOUS DEADLINE?
WELL, THAT'S WHAT
THE PRODUCER OF THE MOVIE
SAYS, SO YES, I DO.
OKAY, ERIC,
THE PRODUCER AND HIS
NEW HIGH-POWERED AGENT
ARE TRYING TO HOLD
A GUN TO OUR HEADS
AND YOU'RE FALLING FOR IT.
He calls this
an arthouse film?
So, please, just relaxlms.
AND ALL WILL BE FINE.
TRUST ME, OKAY?
OKAY?
OKAY.
NOW I WILL CALL YOU
WHEN I HEAR SOMETHING.
WHAT'D SHE SAY?
SHE THINKS THE DEADLINE
DOESN'T MEAN SHIT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I THINK SHE'S BEEN
ON THIS MOVIE FIVE MINUTES.
WE'VE BEEN CHASING IT
TWO YEARS.
I DON'T WANT TO LOSE
THIS MOVIE, VINCE.
SO WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO?
I'LL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT.
I WANT TO GO FIND
NICK AND ARI OURSELVES.
OLD SCHOOL E AIN'T PLAYIN'.
ALRIGHTY.
- ( hip-hop music
playing on radio )
- KING!  OH, KING!
ARE YOU AROUND HERE, KING?
HE'S A HORSE, DRAMA,
NOT A HOUSECAT.
- I THINK WE'D SEE HIM
IF HE WAS AROUND.
- DON'T EVEN TALK TO ME, TURTLE.
I DID NOT LEAVE
THE GATE OPEN, ALLIGHT?
I TOLD YOU
IT OPENS AUTOMATICALLY
WITH THE SENSORS.
NOT WHEN I GO OUT THERE,
IT DON'T.
THAT'S 'CAUSE
HE'S A HORSE, DRAMA.
HE WEIGHS 3000 LBS.
- JUST DRIVE THE CAR.
- ALL RIGHT, RELAX,
WE'LL FIND HIM.
WE'D BETTER.
'CAUSE IF ANYTHING
HAPPENS TO HIM,
I'LL NEVER
FORGIVE MYSELF.
( chuckles )
LOOK.
THANK GOD.
KING!  KING!
ALL RIGHT,
DON'T CROWD HIM,
DON'T CROWD HIM.
STEP AWAY.
STEP AWAY FROM THE HORSE.
HE GETS A LITTLE NERVOUS.
HOW ARE YOU DOING, BUDDY?
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
IS THIS YOUR HORSE?
INDEED IT IS, YOUNG LADY.
INDEED IT IS.
COOL.
THE COPS HAVE BEEN
ASKING EVERYONE.
EXCUSE ME, OFFICERS,
IT'S THIS GUS HORSE.
( police radio chatter )
CAN WE EAT YET?
IN FIVE MINUTES, SHEL,
YOU CAN EAT TILL YOU DROP.
OKAY OKAY.
EXCUSE ME.
I'M NOT EVEN MAKING A CALL.
I'M JUST CHECKING MESSAGES.
IN FOUR MINUTES, ARI,
WHEN THE SUN IS DOWN.
LOOK AT YOUR UNCLE.
SHELLEY!
SORRY SORRY.
I'M A BAD JEW.
SHOOT ME.
HEY, ARI.
OH, WILL YOU LOOK
AT THIS, HUH?
THE BOYS FROM QUEENS
ARE IN THE MARKET
FOR SOME BRISKET.
- SORRY TO BOTHER YOU.
- WE DON'T MEAN TO INTRUDE.
WE TRIED TO CALL YOU
BUT NO ONE WAS ANSWERING.
WELL, THAT
WOULD BE MY FAULT.
I HAVE HIS PHONES.
WHAT'S UP?
- WE'RE IN, ARI.
- WHATEVER IT TAKES.
JUST TELL US
- HOW TO GET AHOLD OF NICK.
- THAT'S EASY.
YOU GOT A PHONE?
WHAT?
THEY'RE NOT JEWISH.
( phone ringing )
Sheila:
DON'T YOU DARE
ANSWER THAT PHONE, NICK.
HEY!
MY LIFE IS FALLING APART!
I HAVEN'T EATEN
IN 10 HOURS!
SO GET OFF MY ASS!
( phone continues ringing )
I'M SORRY.
- HELLO.
- NICK, I'M STANDING
HERE WITH VINCE.
- HEY, NICK.
- HE'S IN.
I'M IN, NICK.
WHATEVER YOU NEED.
Ari:
He'll jump
on a plane tonight,
lo deal down tomorrow
if everyone agrees
to be fair.
YEAH, WELL,
LIFE'S NOT FAIR, GUYS.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
IT'S OVER.
THE SUN HAS SET.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- WE'VE STILL GOT TWO MINUTES.
- WE'RE GOOD TO GO.
- HE PULLED THE PLUG, ARI.
GATOFF YANKED IT RIGHT
OUT OF THE FUCKING WALL.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN, NICK?
- I MEAN IT'S GONE.
ERIC, IT'S GONE.
THE MOVIE IS GONE
AND THERE'S NOTHING
I CAN DO ABOUT IT.
6:58.
EVERYBODY CAN EAT.
THANKS, I LOST
MY APPETITE.
$5000 BUCKS
FOR NOT HAVING A PERMIT.
THAT'S TWICE WHAT I PAID
FOR THE BIG BOY.
AND YOU'RE GONNA KEEP
GETTING TICKETS, DRAMA.
YOU GOTTA GIVE
THIS GUY BACK.
THEY'LL SEND HIM
TO THE GLUE FACTORY, TURTLE.
NO GO.
WE GOTTA FIND HIM
A GOOD HOME.
DO YOU KNOW ANYONE
THAT'S GOT HORSES?
YOU KNOW EVERYONE
I KNOW, DRAMA.  NO.
I GOT AN IDEA.
OH, THIS DOESN'T
SOUND GOOD.
OH NO, IT'S GOOD.
IT'S VERY GOOD
FOR MY HORSE
AND MY CAREER.
COME, BOY.  COME ON, KING.
- WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
- HELP ME GET HIM
IN THE TRAILER.
GUYS, I KNOW HOW MUCH
YOU WANTED THIS,
AND AS A FRIEND
I CAN ONLY SAY
I'M SORRY.
- THANKS.
- THANKS, ARI.
HEY, YOU KNOW,
AND THANKS FOR NOT BASHING
AMANDA DURING THIS.
I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN
DYING TO.
I THINK THE SITUATION
SPEAKS FOR ITSELF.
- ARI.
- SORRY SORRY.
- SEE YOU, ARI.
- GOOD NIGHT.
HE WOULD HAVE NEVER
LET THIS HAPPEN.
NO, HE WOULDN'T HAVE.
SO WHAT NOW?
NOW I DEAL WITH IT.
TAKE ME TO THE RESTAURANT.
( rings doorbell )
HEY, EDDIE.
HEY, JOHNNY.
WHAT'S UP?
SORRY TO BOTHER YOU.
I HOPE YOU'RE NOT
IN THE MIDDLE OF DINNER.
NO NO, WE JUST FINISHED.
BUT HOW DID YOU GET
MY ADDRESS?
GOOD ONE, EDDIE.
BUT I'VE BEEN HERE BEFORE.
HAVE YOU?
HAVEN'T I?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
ARE YOU NERVOUS
ABOUT THE PREMIERE?
LOOK, PEOPLE ARE GONNA WATCH,
TRUST ME, ALL RIGHT?
NO NO, I FEEL GOOD
ABOUT THAT.
I JUST CAME BY
TO SAY THANK YOU
'CAUSE I OWE YOU
BIG TIME FOR THIS ONE.
- AND I WON'T LET YOU DOWN.
- THAT'S GOOD, THAT'S GOOD.
I APPRECIATE THAT,
ALL RIGHT?
AND I BROUGHT YOU A GIFT
AS A TOKEN OF MY
APPRECIATION.
- A GIFT?
- YEEAH.
COME HERE.
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE IT.
- TURTLE!
- ( King neighs )
YOU BOUGHT ME A HORSE?
YEAH, WELL, I THOUGHT
SINCE YOU HAVE
SMALL KIDS...
ARE YOU OUT
OF YOUR FUCKING MIND?
THIS IS BEVERLY HILLS.
WHAT AM I GONNA DO
WITH A HORSE?
OH MY GOD,
A HORSE!
IS THAT FOR MY BIRTHDAY?
HE'S SO BEAUTIFUL!
Eddie:
THANK YOU, MAN.
NICE.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO GO IN WITH YOU?
NO, I GOT IT.
BUT WAIT.
IT'LL BE QUICK.
( sighs )
I'M SORRY, VINCE.
ARE YOU?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT MEANS, AMANDA,
I CHASED THIS MOVIE
FOR TWO YEARS
HARDER THAN I'VE CHASED
ANYTHING IN MY LIFE
AND I WANTED IT SO BADLY.
I KNOW, VINCE,
AND I WANTED IT FOR YOU.
- IT DOESN'T FEEL THAT WAY.
- NO?  HOW DOES IT FEEL?
IT FEELS LIKE YOU STALLED.
AND I'M JUST WONDERING,
ARE YOU STALLING AS MY AGENT
BECAUSE YOU DON'T
LIKE THE PROJECT
OR AS MY GIRLFRIEND
BECAUSE YOU DON'T LIKE
THE IDEA THAT I'LL BE
GONE FOR SIX MONTHS?
ARI CONVINCED YOU
THAT I STALLED?
I LOST A PROJECT.
WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES
IT MAKE WHO IT WAS?
THE DIFFERENCE IS,
YOU HAVE NEVER LET ARI
WELL, MAYBE
I SHOULDN'T HAVE.
NO, MAYBE YOU
SHOULDN'T HAVE.
BUT LET ME JUST
TELL YOU THIS:
I DIDN'T LOSE THE MOVIE.
THE MOVIE WAS LOST
WHEN NICK RUBENSTEIN BARGED
INTO ARTHUR GATOFF'S TEMPLE
FOR THE SECOND TIME
THIS AFTERNOON
LIKE THE SPOILED
LITTLE BABY HE IS.
NOW ARTHUR PAYS PEOPLE
TO MAKE HIS LIFE EASIER,
BUT TODAY
NICK DIDN'T DO THAT.
INSTEAD, HE AGGRAVATED
HIM EVEN MORE.
AND I KNOW THIS
BECAUSE ARTHUR CALLED ME
RIGHT AFTER SUNDOWN.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT HE SAID?
"THIS MOVIE WAS PLAGUED
SINCE DAY ONE.
I'M GONNA CUT MY LOSSES.
BUT I LOVE VINCE.
I'D LOVE TO DO JUST ABOUT
ANYTHING ELSE WITH HIM.
LET'S SET A LUNCH."
I FEEL STUPID.
PROBABLY DOESN'T HAPPEN
TO YOU A LOT, HUH?
( chuckles )
SO WHAT DO WE DO NOW?
VINCE,
WE SAY GOODBYE.
( hip-hop music playing )
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org